hi YouTube so the last video that I'm
gonna make for today is going to be how
I got my hair thick so basically for
many many years I have been coming my
hair or relaxing my hair every four
weeks and I was so into that like bone
straight hair that I will always just
want to relax my hair to get it that
bone straight extra texture so I've
never really had like thick hair because
I was always permanent permanent
permanent and I like that that really
slick look it's like sleep really bone
straight look so over the past I was
seeing the last like three years or so I
have been using protective styling which
would be so ins and weak human hair wigs
last week's and so forth
to protect my hair and in the meantime I
perm my hair less or relax my hair less
so now I relax my hair I would say every
two to three months is when I get and
relaxer so I could have like two like
four or five times a year but how I got
my hair thick let's talk about that
Kaster all to the rescue I use what are
you what I do is come on what I do
diamond get your booty off the camera
ladies back out say huh baby
Thank You Jemima who's your mama okay so
what I so what I do is I'm sorry
he want some lovey lovey dovey man okay
so what I do I take the applicator and I
put it on my edges applies in my edges
and then I just massage massage in
circular motion honey don't eat the
castor oil okay it's not to be tense
calm down okay look at the video look at
the video see my name is diamond okay
Donna I'm gonna have to take you off the
video kay bye bye bye no anyway sorry
about that
so back to the video what I do take the
Castrol party down the middle and slap
it in the middle part on side slap it on
side and massage a massage and Sascha
hi I do that every other day in the
mornings at night whenever I think about
it and I have big yeah yep and I
contribute it to the casserole because I
have read and a lot of internet websites
and things like that and blogs that
couch the oil helps thicken your hair
and I truly believe that's what help
thicken my hair along with not getting
so many relaxers so instead of going
every four to six weeks I go every ten
to twelve weeks somewhere around there
and get a relaxer so I just wanted to
share that with you all so if you have
any thinning in the front or if you have
micro braids and your edges just popped
out popped off a broke off if you have
any baldness in the bag or a ball spot
somewhere I don't know in the middle of
your head just the castor oil on your
hair every day not a lot just a little
put it on there every day and you will
see results and castor oil I think like
at Walmart it's like three dollars four
eight eight ounces eight ten ounces for
like three dollars somewhere around
there and it works it really really
works so if you want thick hair I don't
know about making it long and luscious
and slowing down your back but I know
castor oil works to thicken your hair so
try it it won't hurt to try it but it
definitely worked for me and I just
wanted to share that with you guys
because now I have big hair so when I do
my braid outs
my hair is not like slinky and just
creepy like this sad it's not sad
anymore
my hair is happy cuz uh this right here
mm-hmm
if you see the color the two like
difference in the coloration that is
because I added like some hot six or
miracle a towles one of those little
oils in there with it just to give us an
added sense but the main ingredient is
castor oil it will thicken your hair so
I hope this information was useful and
in the meantime also if you're trying to
get your hair thick I would also suggest
like doing protective styling too so if
you're trying to get your hair to grow
thick you might want to get solely in
and you know just apply this across in
between your tracks every day and
especially around your edges every day
if you have like a front lace week or a
full lace wig and your hair is
controlled underneath then apply it in
between the lace mesh and see if that
helps because it truly truly helps me so
I just want to share that all right you
guys have a good night and this is my
last video so goodnight